# Hello!
### What I Do
I am a molecular biologist, and am interested in all the structures and systems which make cells work. I currently work in a clinical laboratory performing oncology testing as well as research to characterize the genetics of different tumors using molecular techniques. In my free time, I work on molecular dynamics (MD) simulations of various molecules, especially DNA secondary structures. Most of my simulations and analysis are done in Python using packages such as OpenMM, MDANalysis, and MatPlotLib, as well as non-Python tools CHARMM and VMD. I also occasionally write scripts in Python and MATLAB to do things like posterize images, generate cross-stitch patterns, and analyze capillary electropherograms.
### About Me
After growing up in Tennessee, I moved to Texas to attend UT Dallas. I completed several research experiences while working towards my BS and realized that I am most happy in a lab running experiments, problem solving, and reading publications. Since receiving my BS, I plan to continue my studies in graduate school with the ultimate goal of woring as a research scientist. When I'm not at work I love to spend time with my boyfriend and two cats, Pork Chop and Gus. I also enjoy film photography, graphic design, and video games. 
### My Github
I will add folders from Molecular Dynamics projects, as well as the scripts I use for system set-up analysis. I will also add template scripts for graphing and data analysis using Python. Occasionally, I will add passion projects such as MATLAB scripts for image processing et cetera. Please feel free to reach out to me at `jasonwdavidson@gmail.com` if you have any questions or suggestions!
